This is the treasure of Qiongqi you said
The villain specially sent someone to find it and dedicate it to
The Governor's
You'd better keep it for yourself
The hair on Qiongqi's body
It's really naive for ordinary people
For me
It's really useless.
Lord Feng, are you wrong?
Why don't you take a closer look?
Take this trash and sweep it
shameful
Ye Feifan, although this poor wife's hair
It is of little use to Governor Qin
But it's also my hard work
I found it for Lord Chief Slave
What did you give Mr. Qin again?
This is the gift I prepared.
The end of Qiongqi
Ye Feifan, you have to pretend like a little bit
Take a glass ball as Qiongqi's order.
What the hell?
You can lie to me with these things
You still want to use him to deceive the gambler
Do you take Mr. Potato for a fool?
I said you are really brave
Do you know how powerful jongqi is?
You don't want to tell me
Being poor is nothing
This inner alchemy was taken back from the poor
Thank you Mr. Ye.